if you have no money but you want the
ESCO skins for free go ahead and go over
turned out GG le the link in description
just watch videos and you'll earn
yourself some money and you can even
gamble on the site it's kind of cool
I spoke with it just gamble I'll show
you guys some methods to make some money
still as you can see in this title the
video is not sponsored so if you guys
want to help me out a whole bunch
because we team out anybody self $1 plug
around on the site you guys said in the
last video you want me open the Putin
cave with actual money so we're gonna go
ahead and do that mountain for me yet
and there we go
it looks like we have a win unless it's
just that that Rick got an open two more
like I said I like to open for caves at
a time here we go let's go ahead and
start this off by opening four of my
Putin cases you guys love this case I
thought I'd give it an open and that's a
rip all right we have 13 14 dollars to
play with here oh do we do Oh as a
little off we're in the video and I
didn't really go over the points I
wanted to go I know what I'm doing on
this website
I've won $1,700 total off this website
what don't you want to do you want to
open the covert knife and I've addressed
it many times why because you're gonna
rip 92 Oh actually statistically 60% of
the time and even when you're not
ripping like right there you're making
like 11 bucks that's like yeah 30 that
is ripping still you're making like 3
bucks if you're not you're getting a
knife maybe 5% of the time look at that
that's a $2.00 skin you are not getting
shit from this let's open spy but that
we've ripped on 4 out of 5 that maybe we
do get a knife because they'll scrap $40
worth of opening skins right now but I
doubt we even do get a nice because you
are not statistically do to win on this
website $14 skin with their best skin
and as I get to $70 skin with all our
best skins at $31 it's cut 40 to open
you may be broke even if you're lucky
there it's open another five let's see
if we get a knife out of this 20 cases
10 cases open so far now another set of
fucking losses do not open the cases
this site makes you owe makes youto open
they want you to not do that look at
your chances of winning are less than 40
percent if you add all that up
so you're probably asking what what
should you do instead of instead of a
opening that cave you should make your
own cake you know your this is going to
be called your covert nice it's not
you're going to get a case or a knife
not a covert or a knife but
realistically that's what you're getting
out of there for a dollar so let's let's
give out a dollar to skin Britisher an
ads a mob is a dollar nope two dogs all
right let's get an emerald pinstripe
since you're getting a dollar skin out
of there - let's give you a - lower skin
90% chance to getting it it's only a
dollar 75 this is only $1 them but wait
wait till I get to my point let's look
at the knives let's pick out a couple
nights give you a chance of winning a
couple knives on here all right so we
got our rates figured out this is $9 to
open it's a little more expensive but
that's the typical price is half off so
$9 34 cents to open I'm not going to
open it I'm a test spin and I don't have
money on this after the video and I
don't feel like putting in more money so
let's test fit it let's see what we get
you made your case let's test fit it see
what we get for $9 and you rip but
you're ripping all the same but look
look you're you're ripping the same but
you have an 8% chance of getting what
you want let's open for like we did on
the covert nice let's make this fair all
right it's open four of them let's see
what we get we have a 1 right here there
we go easy money
get a huntsman knife slaughter how much
does that work for $130 and this only
cost $9 I'll leave a link in description
below this should be the covert knife
you're opening instead with let's hit it
with another one see what we get we got
another one right here I'm telling you
guys this is the case to open it the gun
life Safari mesh yeah and this cost four
times that's thirty-six to open so
you're still making money and it's not
the best knife but you're making money
back so you can open another four maybe
get the better gift that's we're better
than getting a dollar ah
I really like the davao dragon case or
the cobra or not a fan of the covert
lord the covert knife is actually
cheaper than the covert or right now so
the comfort lower is always cheaper the
recovery recovery nice always jubilant
covert lord
I'm going to test in away the bad key
because I like to do that personal
preference you guys don't have to do
that too we don't actually have 22
dollars that's a fucking lie alright the
bad the bad ones are gums give it an
open $8.00
all right here we go opening a covert
knife what do we get what we get what do
we get what all that's a rip we got five
dollars left we got seven dollars left
we can't open another one of those I'm
gonna go ahead and make a case I like to
make the case as you guys as you guys
know nine cents
and a dream what are we gonna get what
are we gonna get come on come on good
luck good luck good luck good luck good
luck at least give me that add them up
all right all right we broke even I'm
pretty sure nope we lost half our money
all right let's make I don't even know I
called em for a portable I was gonna
throw in some m4 skin let's go to my
cases let's see what I got clear the
drop rate to a real quick for you guys
you care let's let's get another bad
luck out of the way let's see all right
I don't believe in either of these I do
not believe in either of those and I was
correct to feel like that let's get it
all right four dollars 22 cents if we
don't get it we're if come on don't let
it rip do not let it rip oh oh oh oh
that's it we're out we're out game over
all right thanks for watching guys like
I said be sure to use my code and here
we go ripping $20 if you have no money
but you want the ESCO skins for free go
ahead and go over to earn da GG I'll
leave a link in the description just
watch videos and you'll earn yourself
some money and you can even gamble on
this